send a message to entrepreneur ideas
saying I'm lost because my Apple maps
has just completely messed be about and
I don't know where I am so I'm just
going to stand by the side of the road
and do a bit of Gangnam style dancing
because that's just the way I roll and
yeah I need you to come rescue me now
please thank you a lil message to
entrepreneur ideas religious ended with
it your message to entrepreneur idea
says I'm lost because my Apple mass is
just for luminously about an hour I and
so I'm still standby server road Davidic
gamestop dancing because that's just the
way role of me I needed arrest me now
please thank you what do you like to
cancel review or change it right sorry
I'm is past
and this is what the dictation on the
iphone 4s received message to
entrepreneur ideas ready to send it
reading your message to entrepreneur
radio says I'm lost because my Apple
matters just volume honestly about now I
am so I'm still standby server right
gate end game stop dancing because
that's just the way Roland yeah I needed
a rest room now please thank you would
you like to caswell review all changes
the iphone 5 have something quite
different remember ideas ready to send
it greeted her real message to
entrepreneur writing a sentence i love
because my uncle max is just luminously
about an hour I am so I'm still stand by
civil Road dividend gamestop dumb thing
because that's just the way Roland yeah
I needed a rest to me now he's thank you
would you like council review changes
what